Let's set up logging out. Again,
using the familiar HttpSecurity builder method we can use the logout builder.
This will require a simple POST request to the logout endpoint.
I will make my endpoint /api/logout. And then from my React
application, when I click on the Logout button, it can submit
a POST request to this endpoint,
which will log the user out of the server. Now, one thing to
note, if we want to allow the user to re‑login,
say provide them with the Login button,
we need to reload the page so that the request goes to the web server.
The Spring security filters will then detect that the session is terminated
and the user requires authentication to access the indexed or HTML page and
then redirect the user to the login page. In my React application, when the
user selects the Login button I just simply use the windows.location.reload
to reload the page.
It's the same as if I refresh the page. Now currently our demo
application is a bit of a hybrid with Spring MVC for the authentication
combined with a React single‑page application. Next, let's look at how we can move the login page into the React application.